Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
This story
is one that only
she and I can tell.
It is the story
of the secret of this world.
It was just there.
like a pool of light.
Without even thinking.
she ran out of the hospital.
Praying with all her heart.
she crossed the shrine gate.
Are those fish?
Even now. I wonder
if everything I saw that day
was all just a dream.
But I know it wasn't.
On that summer day.
up in that sky.
we changed the shape
of the world.
Attention. all passengers.
We will be expecting
very heavy rain shortly.
- For your safety...
- It's gonna rain again?
I thought it was
finally clearing up.
...to please go back
inside your cabins.
There was a typhoon
on the island. too.
- It was still fun.
- Excuse me.
- Sorry.
- We may as well get lunch.
We ask that all passengers
who are out on the deck
to please go back...
Whoa.
So cool.
Huh?
Thank you.
Yeah. That was
a pretty intense storm. huh?
This is shockingly delicious.
You. uh. want to try.
little man?
Nope. I'm not that hungry.
Last chance.
'Cause I'll just dig in.
Thanks for treating.
by the way.
Oh. don't mention it.
It's the least I could do
since you saved me.
Oh. I did. didn't I?
It was a close one. too. huh?
Oh.
- Hey. wait a minute.
- Huh?
Yeah.
This is actually the first time
I've saved a guy's life.
Well done. me.
Oh. Okay.
Come to think of it.
I think I deserve a beer.
Do you want me to buy you one?
That's...
so expensive.
I can't believe a grown man
is mooching off of me.
Tokyo sure is scary.
Ugh. It's raining again.
So. tell me. little man.
what brings you to Tokyo?
Oh. uh. I'm just here
to visit some relatives.
Uh. 'cause. uh. at my school.
uh. s-summer break
starts early.
I see.
...to seeing you very shortly.
Well. if you ever need help.
feel free to reach out.
See you around. little man.
...in the baggage claim area.
Again. thank you for riding
the Salvia Maru.
operated by Tokai Kisen...
Yeah. right.
Huh?
The shower's 280
for 20 minutes max.
Here.
That's crazy.
It started pouring
out of nowhere.
You should
know better by now.
Not my job
to clean up after you.
I'm sorry.
Last year's record instances
of sudden torrential rain
were exceeded this year.
with more frequent occurrences expected in July.
- It is advised to take extreme caution...
- Huh?
Yes!
...not just to the mountains
and beaches.
but also throughout the city.
In order to prevent accidents
and potential disasters.
it is imper...
Seriously?!
You sure you're in college?
- Let's see your I.D.
- No I.D.?
How we supposed to hire you?
This job some kind
of joke to you?
As you can see.
sudden downpour...
Huh?
Tokyo sure is scary.
Can't keep spending money
like this.
You can't sit here.
You'll have to move.
Right. Sorry.
All you can drink for 18 yen!
Hi there. big guy.
Would you like to come inside?
Hang on. buddy.
Can you spare a minute?
Please beware of solicitors.
You are not obligated
to give them any money.
They may or may not
be telling the truth.
Hey. hang on there.
What are you doing out here?
You in high school?
- Hey. wait!
- Hey. come back here!
- What the hell?!
- This has been
a public service announcement
from the Shin...
Huh.
Tokyo sure is scary.
You know what?
I just...
I don't want to go home.
Not ever.
Seriously?
- Who is this kid?
- He sleeping?
- Out here?
- Hey. kid.
You can't be out here.
Oh. sorry.
- God. is he okay?
- Ah. he's fine.
So. you would make
way more with us.
- Pardon me.
- Gross.
I love him more
than he loves me.
Yeah.
He's read my messages
but doesn't answer.
- Yeah.
- It's got to be a toy.
...so he won't
think I'm obsessed.
Yeah.
Uh. s-sorry.
Wh-What... what's this?
- It's for you. but don't tell.
- Uh. but wh-what for?
Take it. unless you want to
have chowder for dinner again.
I think
that was the most delicious
dinner I've had
in all 16 years of my life.
Hey. so when can I
see you again?
Uh. how about
the day after tomorrow?
Great. I discovered
this cute new café.
I'll book us a table.
Bye. Nagi. See you then.
See you then. Ayane.
They're in elementary school?
Nice!
I was hoping I'd see you.
- Hi there. Kana.
- Hello. Nagi.
What a player.
- Oh. did you curl it?
- Do you like it like this?
I do. It's super cute.
Tokyo sure is amazing.
This should be it.
Yeah?
Hmm?
It's not working. Ugh.
Excuse me.
I called earlier.
Hello? Is anybody here?
Mr. Suga...?
Mr. Suga?
No. I shouldn't be doing this.
Mm. Hello.
I-I'm so sorry.
Oh. you're the new assistant.
- Kei told me about you.
- What?
No. I haven't...
- I'm Natsumi. Welcome.
- Huh?
Finally. he's found someone
to do all my grunt work.
So. uh. kid...
Uh. yeah?
I saw you
checking out my boobs.
No. I wasn't.
Okay. kid. what's your name?
Hodaka Morishima.
Hodaka. huh?
That's interesting.
Are you one of
Mr. Suga's employees?
Oh. so you want to know
the truth about us?
- Yeah.
- Hilarious.
I know what you're thinking.
and you're right.
I don't believe it.
I've never met
a mistress before.
Huh.
Long time. no see. little man.
- Did you lose weight?
- For me?
Let me guess...
this from playing pachinko?
So. little man.
you came for a job...
am I right?
This is basically
what we do here.
We write articles
for time-honored.
prestigious magazines.
We're doing a piece
on urban legends.
All you got to do is talk
to a few people
who have witnessed some.
- It'll be a piece of cake.
- Huh? I'm not...
It can be on anything.
Doomsday predictions.
abductions. you know.
- Whatever you kids are into these days.
- Mm-hmm.
Here. I got one.
"The girl who brings sunshine
wherever she goes."
- S-Sunshine girl?
- Bring that sunshine!
Yeah. it's been raining
so damn much this year.
- He ignored me.
- She's got to be in demand.
- Right?
- Okay.
Come on. little man.
Where's your hustle?
She's already got
a thing set up.
- Tag along. Take notes.
- Huh?
Wait. what? Like. like. now?
- Oh. it'll be like an audition!
- A what?
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Of course.
- Sunshine girls do exist.
- I knew it!
But rain girls exist as well.
The former are protected
by a fox spirit.
and the latter are protected
by a dragon god.
- Uh. what?
- Those who are protected
by the dragon god
tend to drink a lot.
- They yearn for water.
- Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
They're strong-willed
and competitive.
though careless and unreliable.
- That kind of sounds like me.
- Huh?
Those protected by
the fox spirit are hardworking
but too timid to be leaders.
Though many of them
are quite beautiful.
That's totally me.
The four spirits of weather
are off-balance.
so more sunshine and rain girls
are born these days.
It's the homeostasis of Gaia theory.
That's how it works.
But one must be careful.
Whenever we mess with nature.
we will always pay a price.
And they say whoever uses
too much weather power
will get spirited away.
- I see.
- Huh?
Don't worry. I'll be careful.
So...
how did it go?
The so-called psychic
went on about mystical stuff
that came straight out
of a fantasy novel.
Weather power
making you disappear.
Yeah. sure. Typical.
Weather isn't controlled
by girls with powers.
It's a natural phenomenon
having to do with
pressure fronts.
I know that. but we're not
doing a research paper.
We're just providing
some entertainment.
Is this all
you've written so far?
- Damn. you're slow.
- I'm sorry.
Well. at least your
writing style's not too bad.
All right. fine. you're hired.
Huh? Hold on a minute.
I wasn't looking...
We need you on-site.
so your room's included.
Meals. too.
Really?
Yes. I'll take it.
That's more like it.
Now. what's your name again?
- Huh?
- Hilarious.
- It's Hodaka.
- Oh. yeah. that's right.
Dinner's ready.
- Here.
- Hmm?
I'm underage. r-remember?
Now. here's to our new hire.
Hodaka.
Bottoms up.
Slow down. Hodaka.
It was the first meal
I had shared with anyone
since I came to Tokyo.
And that is how
my new life began.
The place
was a small publishing company
run by Mr. Suga
and Miss Natsumi...
- Hey. guys.
- Good morning to you.
...where I pretty much did
all the chores.
Starting with Mr. Suga's
personal care.
to answering the phone.
filing receipts.
transcribing interviews.
Is this seriously
all you've written?
This isn't mine.
Sorry. but Mr. Suga's out right now.
Sometimes. I got to ride
around town with Miss Natsumi
to assist with the interviews.
They're looking for
a real-life sunshine girl.
That's so hilarious.
My little sister's friend's
a real sunshine girl.
- Mm-hmm.
- People will call her up
right before they go on a date.
We really don't do
those kind of interviews.
After that.
the balloon's particle imager
picked up something really strange.
A swarm of moving objects
- from among the cumulonimbi.
- Oh. What?
Is this seriously
all you've managed to write?
You should wait for these
to go on sale.
Mr. Suga's out right now.
- This paragraph's crap.
- Uh...
- But this one here's not too bad.
- Oh.
Come on. Mr. Suga.
We got to go.
Wake up.
My days were. well. hectic.
But for the first time
in my life.
someone counted on me.
and it was nice.
Those rainy days in Tokyo
seemed to just fly by.
Rain. Rain.
There you are.
Hey there. Rain.
Are you good?
Is that so? Here.
Don't you worry
your pretty head.
I'm telling you.
it's an easy job.
We'll see.
Just try it
and see how you like it.
You'll get paid
immediately after.
Our club's right over there.
I know her.
You might as well give it a go
and earn some quick cash. huh?
It's just right through
that door. okay?
Come on. let's go.
But...
Hey!
Let's go!
What? No. no. no. no.
Where are they going?
Hey! Wait. please!
- Just keep running!
- No. wait!
Punk!
Hey. Where you think
you're going. buddy?
What in the hell
do you think you're doing?!
- You were about to force her t-to... to...
- Huh?
What are you. dumb?
Hate to break it to you.
but she and I made a deal.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wait a second.
You look familiar.
You were squatting
in front of our club.
What is this.
some kind of payback?
- Please. stop hitting him.
- Now. now.
- I said stop!
- Damn you!
Get off me!
What do you got there? A toy?
You really are dumb.
Get up.
Come on!
Hey!
What'd you do that for?
Paying me back for the burger?
Huh?
Who are you?
And where'd you get that gun?
That was just...
I-I found it.
I-I thought it was a toy.
and it brought me luck.
so I kept it.
That's your reason?
How could you point it
at someone?
You could have killed him!
Seriously. who does that?
It's messed up.
So. uh...
I ended up getting fired.
'Cause of me?
It didn't have anything to do
with the burger.
Since I got fired.
I needed the money.
so. um...
I'm sorry.
I-I shouldn't have...
Hey. Does it hurt?
No. not really.
Let me guess...
you ran away from home?
- Huh?
- It's pretty obvious.
Too bad you can't enjoy Tokyo
with all this rain.
Uh. yeah.
- Come with me.
- Uh...
Whoa.
Watch.
- It's gonna clear up.
- Huh?
Hey. What do you mean by...
What?
You're a sunshine girl.
My name's Hina.
- And you?
- Hodaka.
- How old?
- Uh. 16.
Mm...
- You're younger than me.
- Huh?
I'll be 18 in. uh...
approximately a month.
You-you look younger.
So you should treat me
with respect.
What?
Mm...
Nice to meet you. Hodaka.
Huh?
- Mommy. I saw a fish.
- Oh. yeah? That's nice.
You better
not be making this up.
I'm dead serious.
Come on. this way.
Look. It's over there.
- What am I looking at?
- It's right over there.
Just trust me. will you?
- Huh?
- Mm.
What the heck is that?
And in our storm watch series.
the Kanto region
is experiencing
a record-breaking amount
of rainfall this summer.
It has been
raining continuously
for more than two months now.
And our 30-day forecast
predicts
more heavy rain
for at least another month.
The Meteorological Agency
is calling for strict alerts
on landslides
and other related disasters.
as these are extremely unusual
weather patterns
for this season.
- Is that too expensive?
- What's more is that
drastic changes
in the temperature...
Oh. my God. Come look at this.
- Huh?
- It's amazing.
It's so weird.
Hmm.
I mean. they do kind of
look like fish.
Except these things
come from the sky.
and it's not like
they leave behind evidence.
I know. They just
instantly disappear. Look.
Huh?
And remember what that guy
we interviewed said?
The sky's a more vast unknown
world than even the sea.
A cumulonimbus can hold as
much water as an entire lake.
Which means it's possible
that it could hold
a whole unknown ecosystem.
Something like...
- like these fish.
- Yeah. totally.
That's so cool!
If we write about it...
oh. maybe we can make
good money from it.
Huh? What's...
- Huh?
- Oh. come on.
- You're starting to sound like Kei.
- Uh...
- You don't want to wind up a boring grown-up.
- Huh?
Careful. or that sunshine girl
is gonna lose interest.
You two are going
on a date. right?
It's not a date.
I'm just confirming if...
Well. I got
a job interview. so...
What? Don't you work here?
This is just a temporary thing.
I told you guys.
it's not a date.
I understand
how you feel. Keisuke.
But we've finally gotten
to the point
where she isn't asking
about you constantly.
It would be too cruel to her
to allow you
to meet with her now.
That's not... It's well within
my rights to see her.
Well. let me ask...
you still smoke. right?
- Huh?
- She has asthma.
You know that.
Selfish. don't you think?
Actually. not anymore.
- I've already quit.
- Perhaps.
Still. that doesn't address
your lifestyle.
Huh?
Besides.
with all this rain now.
she can't play outside.
It would be bad for her asthma.
I feel sorry
for children nowadays.
We used to
have such beautiful
springs and summers.
They can't go on living there
unsupervised like that.
I completely agree.
Wait a minute.
Could this possibly be...
the first time I'm visiting...
a girl's home?
Welcome to my place.
Was it hard to find?
Uh. I just stopped to. uh...
It's-it's not much. Here.
That was very sweet of you.
- Welcome.
- Uh...
- Thanks.
- Sure thing.
Hodaka. have you had lunch yet?
No. not yet.
But you don't have to.
- Uh...
- You just sit right there.
Hey. mind if I use these?
- Yeah. No. sure.
- Thanks.
So. do you live
all by yourself here. Hina?
With my younger brother.
due to some circumstances.
Circumstances?
How about you?
Why did you run away?
Truth is
everything was suffocating.
That town. my parents.
I see.
You should go back.
don't you think?
No. I don't want to.
I see.
Here you go. Lunch is served.
Whoa.
I forgot the spring onions.
Where'd I put them?
So. how do you feel now.
living in Tokyo?
Huh? Uh...
I don't feel like
I'm suffocating anymore.
Well. that's great. right?
Bon appétit.
Mmm!
Huh?
Wh-What's that?
An earthquake?
No. No.
It's just the train.
Hodaka.
- are you serious?
- Why not?
I mean. you're a real
sunshine girl. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- You can clear up the sky simply by praying.
- I guess.
- Then why not?
You said you needed
a job. right?
I really do.
But I feel weird charging.
Well. would you rather
go back to that club?
'Cause I don't think you're
cut out for that kind of work.
Hodaka.
- What are you looking at?
- I'm not looking at anything!
Sorry.
Isn't 5.000 yen too expensive?
Okay.
Uh. how about 3.000?
Hmm. but in order to cover
my living expenses...
We should have some artwork.
Oh. I can draw something.
What is that?
- A hippo?
- It's a frog.
S-Seriously?
It's done!
All right. I'm uploading.
- Everything look good?
- Yeah.
I'm home.
Hey. the sardines
were on sale. so I...
Oh.
Who are you?
Uh. y-you're that kid!
From the back of the bus.
- Huh?
- You guys know each other?
Hodaka. this is
my brother Nagi.
Nagi. this is Hodaka.
- my brand-new business partner.
- Huh?
Whoa!
We've got a response already!
What? You actually uploaded it?
And they say that...
that they want
good weather for a flea market.
Uh. and it's tomorrow!
Hang on a minute.
Am I really going to do this?
And tomorrow.
it looks like more rain.
And it's gonna rain!
Yeah. but isn't that. like.
- the whole point?
- What do I do?
- Ugh. who is this guy?
It will be fine.
I'll be there to help you.
How?!
Here. I brought you this.
- Thanks. but no.
- Uh. th-that's okay.
I have another secret weapon.
Sorry. but no.
I told you. Hodaka!
Who called these guys again?
What a bunch of weirdos.
Uh. we figured
it couldn't hurt.
Don't worry about it. kids.
I don't think it's working.
We can do this.
We're-we're almost there.
Do you... do you need some water. Hina?
Uh. how about some candy?
Just tell 'em to go home.
- Okay.
- The sky!
Huh?
It's been forever
since I've seen the sun.
It's so pretty.
Huh. Will you look at that?
How'd I do?
That was truly amazing.
You are a sunshine girl.
I can't believe
that actually worked.
You kids did great.
even if it was a coincidence.
It wasn't!
How does 20.000 yen sound?
- It's too much.
- It's a bonus.
For a job well done.
Thanks again.
People will come out now.
and we'll be...
we'll be able to sell more.
Yeah!
- That was amazing. sis!
- All right!
- I can totally do this!
- Yeah!
Let's make some money
off of the weather!
- Yes!
- Yeah!
The human mind works
in mysterious ways.
Sometimes. you just need to see
the sun shining in the morning
to feel energized.
A blue sky can make you
feel happy that you're alive.
It makes you feel more in love
with that someone special
by your side.
This is
a once-in-a-lifetime event.
and it better be
under a blue sky.
The meteor will be
passing Earth tonight.
He can't run well in the rain.
so he's losing.
I've been working
so many hours.
saving up just for today.
We want to play outside.
Everyone had their own reason
to want a little sunshine
in the constantly rainy Tokyo.
Hina was only able
to clear up small areas
and only for
a brief amount of time.
But it didn't matter.
The sky would always
answer her prayers.
She was 100%
a real-life sunshine girl!
It was like the whole city was
putting its best foot forward.
It made me think...
what a wonderful world
I was born into.
Here we go. Big smiles.
That's it! Go. go!
- Look. there's another one.
- Wow.
- Thank you.
- Thanks a lot.
- Thanks.
- Thanks. guys.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so very much.
It's amazing how a simple thing
like the weather
can affect our moods.
That was when I realized
for the first time
just how much the human heart
is connected to the sky.
All right. I'm off.
Huh?
To where?
Ugh. Five more minutes.
Five more minutes...
that's all I'm waiting.
Is it canceled
'cause of the rain?
- When was it actually supposed to start?
- Can we go now?
- And I got all dressed up.
- There's no way it's happening.
It's too crowded here anyway.
I read online that
your sunshine girl is amazing.
- 100% success rate.
- Uh. yeah.
It's true. but d-do you
really want to rely
on just that
for such a huge event?
Well. it's supposed
to rain all week long.
so I can't exactly postpone it.
I would say we're in
a unique situation.
The door is opening.
- May as well rely on luck.
- Uh...
Huh?
The Jingu Gaien fireworks
will start promptly
at 7:00 p.m. as scheduled.
I think that I'm in love.
Huh?
This job. the sunshine girl.
It's like.
for the first time in my life.
I've found a purpose.
And you know what?
That's not not not
such a bad thing.
Wait.
How-how many "nots" is...
Is it bad or not?
Lighten up a little.
And so. thank you. Hodaka.
Weather is such a mystery.
Seeing a beautiful sky
can really make you
feel things.
Just like Hina.
She really makes me
feel things.
Yesterday's
Jingu Gaien fireworks
were blessed with sudden
miraculous clear skies.
But as if to make up for it.
the rain is back again today
with a vengeance.
The temperature
in central Tokyo
is now at 70 degrees.
much lower than average
for this time of year.
making it
an unusually chilly August.
Make sure to bring
a light jacket when going out.
You're my first choice.
of course.
You're my
first choice. of course.
You're my first choice.
of course.
You're my
first choice. of course!
Getting a flu shot
may not be a bad idea.
In other news. the record
rainfall and low temperatures
are driving food prices up.
A head of lettuce
will cost you three times more
than this time last year.
This abnormal cold snap
is affecting agriculture.
Oh. that submission?
Yes. we received it.
Look. I'm sorry.
but we decided to pass.
I see. Thank you. and. uh...
we have other pieces
in the works
for. you know. next time.
Hmm.
Yeah. what?
Hello. Mamiya residence.
Hi. It's Keisuke.
I'm sorry to bother you.
but it's regarding my visit.
You're late again. Kei.
And this is
an important interview.
Bad mood?
Did you get rejected? Meow.
Where's the kid?
What do you mean.
busy with his other job?
No wonder he's been slacking.
Just leave him alone.
It's not like we're busy.
He took in a stray cat
without asking.
Like you took him in?
- Huh?
- I know why you did it.
He reminds you of yourself.
Plus. how much
could it be costing you
to pay the kid each month?
What. 30.000 yen?
Cheapo.
Actually. 3.000.
Uh... what?!
Are you serious?!
That's slave labor!
- Is that even legal?
- The road.
You're gonna get sued
by the Department of Labor.
Young people love suing.
You know what?
Actually. I-I think
I'm gonna report you myself.
One. he gets to live
with us for free.
Two. we pay for his food
and his phone bill.
It's a sweet deal.
Oh. God.
Well. no wonder
he got another job.
That's incredible.
It really cleared up.
You kids are amazing.
It's a shame
you're planning to quit.
Since she was caught on camera.
we've been flooded with requests.
We can't handle them all.
We have one more scheduled.
so we'll do that.
and then we'll stop
for a while.
And besides...
All right. good job. sis.
Hey. Grandma.
I see you got people over.
I wasn't expecting you.
Just stopped by
to see if you needed help.
You've got
some really young guests.
Are you friends of Grandma's?
HODAKA. HINA and NAGI:
Hello.
I wanted nice weather
for Grandpa's Hatsubon.
Ah. Nice.
Well. it did stop raining.
It'd be hard
for him to come back
with all the rain
we've been having.
- "Come back"?
- The Obon.
the day the dead come back
from the sky to visit.
His first Obon?
So. then your grandpa died
about a year ago?
That's right.
Yeah. same goes
for my mom. too.
Oh. did you lose your mother
this past year. sweetie?
Uh. yes.
Then let's light a
welcoming fire for her as well.
I know she's watching over you.
Thanks.
The spirits follow the smoke.
and that's how they come back.
Back from where?
From Heaven.
There's always been
another world
up there in the sky.
This painting is apparently
of what the Weather Maiden saw.
It sure is mysterious.
I mean. there's a flying fish
and a dragon?
Absolutely stunning.
Isn't it. though?
So. this Weather Maiden.
what is she?
Like a shaman or what?
- Huh? What?
- Oh. he...
Is the Weather Maiden
like a shaman?
Uh-huh.
Mending the ailing weather
is the charge
of the Weather Maiden.
- So. is it like her job?
- Sounds like a scam.
Does that mean she could fix
the abnormal weather
we're having?
- Huh? There's nothing abnormal about the rain.
- Huh?
The news makes a big deal
about everything.
They always say things like
"record-breaking."
but when did
their records start?
100 years ago?
How old do you think
this painting is?
- 800 years old. at least.
- 800?
For real?
Hey. you're getting yourself
all worked up.
Oh. oh. is he...?
My point is the weather
can suddenly change on a whim.
regardless of our human needs.
So we cannot tell
what is normal and what is not.
We merely have been allowed
to stay in this shifting space
between the heavens and earth.
clinging for our lives.
trying our best
not to be shaken off.
This is something we humans
were much more aware of
in the past.
However. there's a thin thread
binding us humans to the sky.
And that is the Weather Maiden.
A special girl with the ability
to gather the people's wishes
and deliver them
to the heavens.
In ancient times. there was one
in every village
in every country.
Hey. Kei.
Sound like anyone you know?
You know.
you don't have to listen
to everything Grandpa says.
No one actually believes
in that stuff.
No. no. I love it.
We're grateful
for all of your insight.
Just remember. though.
everything comes with a price.
This is no exception.
A tragic fate awaits
the Weather Maiden.
One. two. three.
All right. it's your turn. sis.
Thanks for keeping Grandma company.
- It's really kind of you.
- Okay. now it's your turn.
- Oh. we're actually here 'cause she hired us.
- Huh?
- No. it's okay.
- You have to. Come on.
Well. they're having fun.
How old are you guys. anyway?
Oh. I'm 16.
but she's actual...
She mentioned that she was
turning 18 next week.
18. huh?
Have you thought about
what to get her?
Hey. you guys.
I brought out some watermelon.
- Oh. nice. Thanks a lot.
- Okay.
Hey. wait. I said wait!
Just great.
Ah. what the hell?
I said wait!
Whoa. guys.
You got to cut me some slack.
I didn't know
she was a minor. I swear.
Huh? Wait. so this isn't
about the girl?
That's what we've been
trying to tell you.
You made us run for nothing.
- This is you. is it not?
- What?
Take a good look.
What do you know
about the boy in the video?
So. the kid's about
high-school age. huh?
Maybe he picked up the gun
Shibata threw away
by pure accident.
If that's the case.
then the kid might have
posted about it.
Oh. You mean online.
Yeah. nothing is private.
Kids post everything
on social media these days.
Go. Nagi. go!
- Yeah! - That was amazing. Nagi!
- Yeah! Great shot!
A ring. Definitely a ring.
What?
You sure it's not too much?
We're talking about
my sister's birthday. right?
I did ask a woman
for ideas. but...
I know what I'd like.
Hugs and kisses. money.
boyfriend and a real job.
But she wasn't very helpful.
- Hmm. okay. But a ring?
- See you later. Nagi.
See you around. Nagi.
Mm-hmm.
Just admit it.
You're in love with my sister.
Huh?
No. it's-it's
noth-nothing like that.
Uh. oh. wait.
What if it is? Then what?
- And since when?
- You know...
- From the beginning?
- ...being ambivalent
is the worst thing as a man.
Uh. is that true?
Be clear before
you start going out.
Then you can be vague.
Those are the basics.
I should call you "Sempai."
Ever since our mom died.
my sister's
been working nonstop.
I know the reason
she's doing it is for me.
'Cause I'm still a kid.
So that's why
I want to see her get to do
more teenage stuff.
But you're gonna have to prove
you're the guy
for the job. okay?
Here you go. Enjoy.
This is my favorite store.
I can't turn down a sale.
- They have some great things here.
- Thank you.
But. uh...
do you think she'll like it?
Huh?
Don't worry.
We spent three hours
picking it out.
If it were me.
I'd be very happy.
Good luck. okay?
Tomorrow's sunshine girl job
will be our last.
Our customer is a man
who requested good weather
at the park
so that he could play
with his daughter.
After that appointment.
I plan on giving Hina the ring.
Daddy. can you do it
one more time?
Okay. Are you ready?
Oh. man.
That was tough on my back.
Of all the people
that could have hired us.
Did you already know I was
doing this as a side job. huh?
I bet you knew this entire time
and said nothing.
And since when
have you had a daughter?!
Well. I'm impressed.
The forecast said
it'd be 100% rain today.
Yeah. unfortunately.
my daughter has asthma.
And she lives
with her grandmother.
who won't let me see her
if it's raining out. so...
it's been tough lately.
There's nothing more gorgeous
than a beautiful. clear sky.
I concur.
I take it you're
Hodaka's boss. then?
Yep. I also saved his life.
Hey. does your friend
always speak so formally?
Huh? Well. Hina is a whole
two years older than me.
- What? Ridiculous.
- Huh?
16. 17. 18...
there's no difference.
- Yeah. there is!
- Yeah. you're right.
Ugh! There you are.
Hey!
Did I miss anything?
Wh-What are you
gonna do about her?
- Aren't you gonna be in trouble?
- Hmm? - Huh?
I mean. does Natsumi even know
that you're married?
What's wrong? You okay?
Hodaka. he... he actually
thought you were my...
Mistress?!
Hang on. You never mentioned
that she's your niece.
So. this whole time.
you had disgusting fantasies?
That is so perverted.
Classic Hodaka.
Hmm.
- Are you looking at my boobs?
- I am not!
Natsumi!
Hey. Moka.
What do you got there?
Daddy. look! A flower crown.
- I made it for you!
- Yeah? Let me see.
Hodaka. join us.
Uh. Sempai calls.
Hodaka is such a riot.
He is such a child.
They're like
the older and younger versions
of each other. don't you think?
- Hodaka and Mr. Suga?
- Yeah.
Kei ran away from home
and came to Tokyo
when he was a teenager. too.
Then he met and fell madly
in love with his future wife.
Not like that.
But then. a few years
ago. she died in an accident.
He's still very much
in love with her. though.
- It's so good to meet you.
- Huh?
- I've been wanting to for a long time.
You're the real sunshine girl.
That's amazing!
I wish I had a special skill
to put on my résumé like that.
I hate looking for a job.
Too bad I'm not in high school.
It's funny.
'Cause for me.
I can't wait to grow up.
Huh.
Yeah. I understand that.
- I'm glad you're doing well. though.
- Huh?
Actually. I was
a bit worried about you.
Huh?
You okay. Moka?
You tired?
Here you go.
One. two. three.
I'm fine.
I want to keep playing.
I know. but it's raining.
We're taking off.
Have a good day. okay?
But I want to hang out
with Nagi some more.
Then why don't we all
grab some dinner?
I'm sorry. but...
Hey. how about I just
go eat with Moka. then?
Would that be okay?
- Great.
- Yay!
Hodaka. can you take Hina home?
Uh...
Hey. whoa. uh...
Oh. uh. uh...
Hina. thank you for bringing
the sunshine today.
Thank you.
I'm happy you're happy.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
This might be...
the very first time that...
I tell someone I love them.
- Hina. I...!
- Hodaka.
- Oh. sorry.
- Uh...
- What is it?
- Nothing in particular.
What did you want to say?
Hodaka.
so. um...
I...
Hina!
Hodaka!
Where are you. Hina?
I think I know when I became
a sunshine girl.
It was one year ago.
on that day.
I spent the entire day before
praying for good weather.
I wanted to have one last walk
under the sun with my mom.
And then I saw it.
It looked like a pool of light.
And praying with all my heart.
I crossed the shrine gate.
When I finally came to.
I was lying on the ground.
and the sky was clear.
I think that's
when it happened.
That's when...
I became connected to the sky.
Is it true?
Connected to the sky?
Hodaka. don't come out.
It's the police.
Sorry for the late visit.
The police?
Look again.
You sure you haven't
seen him before?
Someone fitting his description
has been reported
several times in this area.
I don't know him.
May I ask what he's done?
We just want to ask him
some questions. That's all.
He's a minor and a runaway.
Additionally. his parents have
filed a missing persons report.
We've also been told
that you live here on your own
with your little brother.
- Is that correct?
- Yes.
That. unfortunately.
is another issue.
Children cannot live on
their own without a guardian.
But...!
Sorry.
But we're quiet
and don't cause trouble.
Hina.
She said that she was
going to come back tomorrow.
bring child services.
What do I do?
They're going to separate us.
I just know it.
Hodaka. the police.
- They were just...
- I know.
Go inside.
I'll be back tomorrow.
And evening temperatures
have fallen sharply...
Mr. Suga?
Hey. Like the new look?
I'm in disguise.
Earlier today. the police
stopped by my office.
They're treating your
disappearance as a kidnapping.
I denied any involvement.
but I can tell they still suspect me.
- Consider this your severance pay.
- Huh?
I can't have you
coming back to the office.
If they catch you there.
they'll arrest me.
I'm in the process of filing
for custody of my daughter.
so I got to be careful.
understand?
If I were you.
I'd head back home tomorrow.
Then everything
can go back to normal.
It'll be best for everyone.
You'll see.
Time to grow up. little man.
Got it?
We can't stay here anymore.
But... where will you go?
I don't know. but...
Hey. it doesn't matter
where we go.
as long as we're together.
Hmm. Hodaka.
you should probably go home
before you get caught
by the police.
At least you've got
a place to go back to.
Don't say that.
Don't worry.
We're gonna be fine.
No way.
I'm not going back.
Let's run away!
A special heavy rain advisory
has just been issued
in the Tokyo area.
It could be
the heaviest downpour
that the city
has experienced in decades.
Lowland communities should be
prepared for flash flooding.
A sudden typhoon-strength
low-pressure system is...
River levels rising.
Increased risk of flooding.
The dam is not going to hold!
Keep calm
and slowly make your way
- towards the exit.
- Oh. man.
The Namboku Line
at Akabane-Iwabuchi Station.
the Shibuya Metro...
Outgoing flights have been
- canceled from Haneda Airport.
- No!
Over six inches
of rain is falling per hour.
and heavy flooding
has been reported in
- many areas in Tokyo.
- Sir. are you okay?
Kita Ward. Arakawa Ward.
Taito Ward.
Sumida Ward. Shibuya...
Please head home immediately.
It's really cold. right?
It has been
a record-breaking August.
The temperature in Tokyo
has fallen below 50 degrees.
Cumulonimbi continue
to gather above Tokyo.
In merely an hour.
Tokyo's landscape
has been transformed.
I repeat.
a heavy rain special advisory
has been issued
for the greater Tokyo area.
This is looking
to be the heaviest rainfall
recorded in
the last few decades.
A low-pressure system
over the Kanto region...
The stream of cold air
that passed over Kanto
on the 21st
- is the cause of the current...
- Active rainclouds
will remain over east
and central Japan at least...
The Meteorological Agency
has stated that
this abnormal weather
will continue for at least
the next few weeks.
Experts warn that
the current weather pattern
we are seeing is unprecedented
and extremely dangerous.
Trains on the Yamanote Line
are indefinitely delayed
due to the heavy rains.
There is no way
to resume operations
until the weather clears up.
Let's just get off here.
Oh. I'll ask my mom
to pick us up.
It's freezing.
- What should we do?
- Hey. don't worry.
Let's find a place
to stay tonight.
I'm sorry.
but we don't have
anything available.
We're fully booked.
Do you have a reservation?
We're all full.
There's no adult with you?
One last thing...
I need to see your I.D.
We can't
accept unaccompanied minors.
This ain't about the money.
It's not about the money!
Be honest.
Are you kids runaways?
Hina. Hodaka. look.
Is that snow?
Could it be true?
That Hina is connected
to the sky?
It's freezing.
Hey. Kei.
it's snowing in August.
It's official...
the world's gone crazy.
Hmm?
Oh.
It is difficult to believe.
but it is snowing
here in Tokyo.
Kei. wake up.
Hey. you'll catch a cold.
Asuka.
Kei. you. too. Smile!
Oh. it's cold.
Careful. You're starting to act like an old man.
That's what happens
when you're old.
You have to make tough choices
'cause you've got
different priorities. you know.
What are you saying?
Where's Hodaka?
You kicked him out?!
I don't believe you.
I told you.
the police showed up.
I've got to protect myself.
not some stranger.
What? And how are you
protecting yourself
by smoking and drinking again?
Not cool. Meow.
See? Even Rain's judging you.
Not only is it uncool;
it's so last century.
Don't get near me. I don't
want you to rub off on me.
Ah. you're not
exactly cool. either.
What's her name... Hina?
If the story about
the Weather Maiden is true.
that she's a human sacrifice.
then one day she'll...
I know. but then...
what was I supposed to do?
Ah. come on. relax.
It's all bullshit anyway.
Besides. if it were true...
...if you could fix
this crazy weather
with one human sacrifice.
I'd be fine with it.
Everyone would.
A heavy rain
and heavy snow advisory
has been issued for Tokyo
and its surrounding areas.
Residents are urged
to stay indoors
at all times if possible.
You kids. hold up.
It's dangerous to walk around
right now unsupervised.
- Uh...
- What are you doing out?
- These your siblings?
- I... Yeah. we're. uh...
We're actually on our way home.
I-I'm a college student.
and these are
my younger brothers.
Hmm. I understand. but...
I'm gonna need to see some I.D.
Oh. I. uh. don't have it on me.
We may have located the boy.
We think
he might be carrying a firearm.
Proceed with caution.
And you... you in high school?
That's a pretty big backpack
you got there.
Can you remove your hood
for us. please?
- Hina.
- Huh?
Run for it!
Hey. wait!
Stop!
- Gotcha!
- Let go of me!
Will you settle down?!
- Get off!
- Stop struggling.
- Stop it! No!
- Hodaka!
No!
Stay where you are!
- Hina.
- Please!
- What just happened?
- What happened?
It's okay.
It's all right. Calm down.
- Calm down.
- Clear the area!
Is anyone hurt?
There was no one in there.
was there?
Hina. we've got to go.
Let's go take a closer look.
Come on.
It's 280 a night.
- Uh...
- So. can you pay it? 280.
Oh. y... oh. yes. uh.
of course I can.
It's official.
- Looks like I'm a full-fledged fugitive now.
- Huh?
- That's so cool.
That almost gave me
a heart attack.
You totally almost
got arrested.
- Why are you laughing?
- 'Cause it was funny.
I'm glad you think so.
It's huge.
The bed's huge.
The bathtub's huge.
Whoa.
Hina. Hodaka.
Let's take a bath together.
Take it by yourself!
Fine. Then let's take
a boys-only bath together.
- okay. Hodaka?
- Wait. what?
This is the life.
What's this do?
Huh?
Whoa!
- Your turn. Tag.
- My turn. Tag.
Whoa. so many.
- What do you want?
- How about one of each. Sempai?
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I got severance pay.
Hina. we're having
a huge feast tonight!
I can't wait.
Sorry I took so long.
Uh. it-it's fine.
Bon appétit.
Hodaka. you want to try
some of mine?
Mm.
- Mmm!
- Curry's good.
- So are the noodles.
- I want to try.
- Hey. wait. I don't think those are ready yet.
- Mmm.
It tastes better this way...
al dente.
♪ My fortune cookie ♪
♪ Speaks of love again ♪
♪ Future's looking.
looking bright... ♪
♪ It's that precious thing
that is in your heart ♪
♪ It's the same thing
that will soon depart. so... ♪
God. if you really exist.
then I beg you.
- This is more than enough.
- Heads up!
- We don't need anything else.
- Hold on! No. wait!
- We'll manage somehow.
- See how you like it!
So. please.
don't throw
anything more at us.
but don't take anything more
from us. either.
I'm begging you.
Please. God.
let us stay like this.
Together. forever and ever.
Hina. here.
Happy 18th birthday.
Huh?
It's not much. but. uh.
it's something that I thought
would look good on you.
Thanks.
Hey.
Can I ask you something?
Would you like
the rain to stop?
Uh. yes. Yeah.
I'm a human sacrifice.
they say.
Huh?
Natsumi was the one
who told me
about the sunshine girl's fate.
If the Maiden gets sacrificed.
then her body disappears.
but after that. the weather
goes back to normal.
Come on. now.
You can't believe the stuff
in those weird legends.
I mean. people don't disappear.
What are you looking at?
I'm not looking at anything!
I'm looking at you. Hina.
Come on.
Why are you crying. Hodaka?
The more I pray for sunshine.
the more my body fades away.
But if I end up dying
from this...
...we'll finally get
our summers back.
- Take care of Nagi for me.
- No!
I won't!
'Cause you're not
going anywhere.
- We're all gonna live together.
- Hodaka.
Hina. let's make a promise
to each other
to always be together.
I'll get a job.
I'll take care of us.
You don't have to be
a sunshine girl anymore.
Your body will go back
to normal. and then...
I had a dream.
I was still on the island.
I wanted to leave.
I pedaled as fast as I could.
I was desperate.
wanting to go into the light.
When I finally reached it.
I discovered
I had reached a dead end.
That's when I decided
that I was gonna go
into that light.
And at the edge of it.
I found you.
I had a dream...
the day I met you.
Huh?
You looked like a lost kitten.
But you helped me
find a reason to live.
I continued working
as the sunshine girl
because it made me happy.
I liked making people smile.
I'm really glad I met you.
So. please. don't cry. Hodaka.
Where am I?
Hodaka.
Oh. no. Hina?
Where are you?!
Hina?!
Hina!
Hodaka. what is it?
Your sister's disappeared!
She's gone.
I was just dreaming...
that she disappeared
into the sky.
It can't be.
Open the door.
Open up.
What?
Are you Hodaka Morishima?
You're the subject of
a missing persons report.
We also believe
that you're in possession
of an illegal firearm.
I need you to come
to the station.
Let go of me!
- It's okay. I'm not going to hurt you.
- No!
- We're taking a little trip.
- Sempai!
Don't make this
any harder than it has to be.
- Calm down. Stop it!
- Let me go!
Why are you stopping?
After months of
intense rain. the Kanto region
is finally seeing
some brilliant sunshine.
The sun's rays
are making yesterday's storms
seem like a crazy dream.
In a matter of hours.
the weather has done a 180.
By 8:00 a.m.. the temperature
was 25 degrees Celsius.
Many areas adjacent
to the Arakawa River
have remained flooded.
The trains
are still not running.
The extent of the damage
- has yet to be ascertained.
- Authorities say
it will take at least a week
to restore municipal services.
as long as the weather
remains clear.
- The sky's clear.
- Oh. so sunny.
- Look. the sun!
- Oh. it's so bright.
The sky's actually clear.
It's making me all emotional.
Well. it took a while.
but summer has finally arrived.
Hey. Hurry up.
This is Hina's.
She sacrificed.
- Hina! What happened to you?!
- Hey. Where are you going?
- Hina!
- Calm down.
I have something
I need you to confirm for me.
The girl who disappeared
last night
is 15-year-old Hina Amano.
Is that correct?
- Do you have any idea where she could be?
- Huh.
- Ugh. what a pain.
- She's 15?
Hina said she was older.
Isn't she 18?
She's been lying about her age
on her résumés
and job applications.
I understand she needed
to make a living.
but the truth is
she's in middle school.
Or at least legally
she's supposed to be.
You didn't know?
I don't believe it.
I'm the one who's older?
- Oh. what a pain.
- This whole time.
Hey. Do you know
where she is or not?
The weather cleared up
only because Hina
sacrificed herself in exchange.
Huh?
No one knows the truth!
No one knows her sacrifice.
What a pain.
Should we get a psychiatrist?
It's clear.
Huh.
Daddy. did you look outside?
Yeah. I did.
I had a dream about Hina.
She's the one who brought
the sunshine back.
I know it.
Yeah.
I think you might be right.
Excuse me.
Detective.
I have a favor to ask you.
What is it?
Let me go.
I need to go out there
and look for Hina.
It's my turn to help her now.
I'll come back
as soon as I find her.
What you need to do
is step in here and answer
some of my questions.
Understood?
Tell Yasui we're about to begin
- the interrogation.
- Yes. sir.
Huh?
Hey! Get back here!
- Stop running!
- Come back!
Someone stop him!
Stop! I said stop!
Do not let the boy
in the white T-shirt
- leave the building.
- Little brat's gonna regret this.
Stop that kid!
Wait! Stop!
Hey! Come back here!
What the hell?!
That little shit.
Cut him off.
- You go that way.
- Yes. sir.
No!
Hodaka!
Huh?
Natsumi?
What are you doing?
I'm going to get Hina back.
Huh?
Get on.
Goddamn punk!
While you were at
the station. Nagi called.
He said Hina had disappeared
and that the police
had arrested you.
Where is he?
At a child service center.
No going back.
We're about to become outlaws.
Breaking the law!
All right. partner.
where we headed?
What? Another visitor?
- Yeah. and it's another girl.
- He sure is popular.
Hello. Nagi.
Ayane. I'm so glad
you could make it.
- Kana. this is Ayane.
- Nice to meet you.
- Ayane. this is Kana.
- My pleasure.
And that's Officer Sasaki.
She's going to be
watching over me all day.
Wow. That's so cool.
It's like you're a celebrity.
- How do you do?
- Nice to meet you.
Thank you both
so much for coming.
I'm sure you must have been
surprised by my call.
I was.
When I heard
they took you in custody.
my heart almost stopped.
Me. too.
Mine's still pounding.
Nagi. if you touch my chest.
you can feel it.
Yeah. she's right.
Oh. I do feel it.
- Um. excuse me.
- Yes?
It's-it's my first time here.
so I don't know my way around.
- and. uh...
- Uh-huh.
Uh. where's the bathroom?
Oh.
Thanks. I owe you one.
You better.
I can't believe you.
Calling your ex to help you out
with something like this?
Take it.
Turn around.
We still need to swap clothes.
Mr. Keisuke Suga.
- Good to see you again.
- You again?
- What do you want?
- Looks like the weather's
finally back to the way
it should be. huh?
I told you already.
I know nothing
about that runaway.
Would you mind if we took
a look around your office?
What? Hey.
It's not a good time.
Oh. it's really flooded. huh?
That's too bad.
You're not gonna
find him down there.
Yeah. we know.
This is embarrassing.
but. uh. the truth is...
Huh?
What do you mean. he ran away?
From the police station?
An abandoned
building in Yoyogi?
- Yeah. It's where she became a sunshine...
- Duck!
She said she became connected
with the sky
on that building's roof
and that's how she became the sunshine girl.
So. I think that's
where I have to go.
Oh. great!
Hey. on the scooter!
Pull over!
Hold on tight.
Hold on!
- I think that maybe...
- What?
That I'm totally awesome?
I know!
I was born for this stuff.
That's it...
I'm gonna be a motorcycle cop
and catch anyone who speeds!
They're not gonna
hire you after this!
We have a theory
about why the kid escaped.
We think he may be trying
to search for the girl
who he was with.
You see. he told us
a few things
that frankly sounded
like science fiction.
He seems to believe
that the girl disappeared
in exchange for
the good weather returning.
That's ridiculous.
Don't tell me you believe him.
No. of course I don't.
But what I do believe is that
he's throwing his life away.
And all of it is just
because of some girl.
To be honest with you.
I envy the kid
to feel that passionately.
What's the point
in sharing that?
It doesn't change much.
Huh?
Mr. Suga. are you. uh...
Are you okay?
Why do you ask?
Well. it's just that you. uh...
you're crying.
This is bad.
We're gonna jump it.
Huh?
No. Wait.
Ugh. it's the end of the line.
Hurry. Get out of here.
Go on.
Thank you. Wish me luck.
Hodaka!
Never give up!
Hina.
Hina. Hina. Hina!
Hina?
Hina. are you there?
Hina!
Hey. Hodaka.
It's gonna clear up.
It's for you. but don't tell.
Unless you want to have chowder
for dinner again.
Does it hurt? Let me guess...
you ran away from home?
Too bad you can't enjoy Tokyo
with all this rain.
You're younger than me.
I'll be 18
in approximately a month.
You should treat me
with respect.
Hodaka. have you had lunch yet?
You just sit right there.
How do you like
living in Tokyo?
Huh? Uh...
I don't feel like
I'm suffocating anymore.
Well. that's great. right?
I think I'm in love...
with this job
as the sunshine girl.
And so...
thank you. Hodaka.
- Hey. hey. look.
- There's someone on the tracks!
- What? - Who is that?
- Stop!
- You can't be here!
- Come back! It's dangerous!
Hey. hey! What are you doing?
This place is off-limits!
What is he doing?
- What is he doing?
- That's so crazy.
There's someone running
up there.
- He's gonna get himself arrested.
- Do you see that?
Some people are such idiots.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. Hina!
I made you do
that sunshine girl job.
but in the end.
you were the one
who had to deal
with the consequences.
Hey.
Can I ask you something?
Would you like
the rain to stop?
Mr. Suga?
People are looking for you.
Hodaka.
- How did you find me?
- Look at you.
Do you have any idea
what you're doing?
You don't get it.
Hina's gone!
And it's my fault.
The sunshine girl job
was my idea.
Hodaka. calm down.
That's why I have to help her!
I have to go.
Hey. wait.
Where are you...
- I can make it to Heaven if I just go through that.
- Huh?
What?
- Have you lost it?
- She's somewhere in the sky.
I can get there
if I use the stairs!
Hodaka. stop this.
- There's no way she's up there.
- I have to help her!
Snap out of it!
What's gotten into you?
You have to go back
to the police station.
If you explain it to them.
they'll understand.
You haven't done
anything wrong.
You can't keep running away
from your problems.
They'll catch up to you.
You know this.
We've located the vehicle.
We're going in.
Look don't worry.
I'll come with you. okay?
Then we can explain
everything together.
- Let go of me!
- Let's go.
I said let go!
- Cut it out!
- Let go!
Get off of me!
Get out of my way.
Hodaka. what are you doing?
Let me go to Hina.
I have to see her!
Hodaka Morishima!
- Drop the gun!
- Whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Everybody. calm down.
This is a misunderstanding.
Don't shoot. I can explain.
Hodaka. come on.
Huh? What are you...?
Don't do this.
Put the weapon down.
I don't want to shoot you.
Hodaka.
It's gonna be okay.
Just do what they say.
What's wrong with you guys.
anyway?
Give him a break.
He's just a kid. It's...
Why can't you leave me alone?
Why are you standing in my way?
You don't know anything.
because you choose
to ignore the truth.
So. please...
All I want is to see her again.
I have to see her!
Stay down!
Let me go!
Get your hands off Hodaka
right now.
Get off of him!
Son of a...
Hodaka. go!
What the...
- Hold it!
- Hodaka!
Nagi?
Hey. what do you think
you're doing?
This is your fault. Hodaka.
so you have to fix it!
Go and bring my sister back!
God...
please. please.
Please!
I beg you!
Is that fish?
In the sky?
Hina!
- Hina!
- Hodaka!
Just jump!
Hina. I found you.
Hodaka. Hodaka!
Don't let go of my hands.
Hina!
Hodaka!
Let's go home.
But if I do. the weather.
- it-it will go back to...
- Let it.
I don't care.
You've done enough.
You don't have to be
the sunshine girl anymore!
I don't care
if I ever see the sun again.
I care about you.
I don't care about blue skies.
It'll be okay.
Let the weather stay crazy.
Pray for yourself...
Hina.
Huh?
Hodaka.
The rain
started falling again that day.
and since then.
it hasn't stopped.
Slowly. it sank Tokyo.
where it remains.
submerged in water.
The rain's still falling
three years later.
♪ The garden
where we've grown ♪
♪ When we look back ♪
♪ It went so fast ♪
♪ Now we must ♪
♪ Say goodbye ♪
♪ We're leaving here ♪
After all this...
- ♪ From where we start. ♪
- ...what's left for me to say?
Excuse me. Hodaka?
Uh. i-is it true
that you're moving to Tokyo?
Uh. yeah.
Just ask him already.
- It's your last chance.
- Mm...
Wait a minute. Could this be...
Um. I just... I...
Well. there's something that
I've always wanted to ask you.
I don't believe it.
My first love confession?
- Uh. Hodaka...
- Huh?
I...
I heard you were wanted
by the police in Tokyo.
Is it true?
Huh?
That same summer.
three years ago.
I ended up getting arrested.
They charged me.
and I stood trial.
I had to be on probation
until I graduated high school.
The island.
my parents' house. school...
they were all the same old
places where I spent my life.
But. actually.
I was just biding my time.
waiting for graduation to come.
That day...
was the last time I saw Hina.
I have no idea what I'll think.
I haven't seen Tokyo
since after it changed.
And I have no idea
what I'll say to her.
Here's
tomorrow's weather forecast
for the Kanto region.
A full day of rain
is predicted.
Now if I could just find a job.
...heavy rainfall
in the mountain regions.
Lower.
in the metropolitan areas.
there is a chance of the rain
letting up periodically
throughout the day.
The high will be
59 degrees Fahrenheit.
with the same
or slightly hotter temps
in surrounding areas.
Oh. right.
Speaking of jobs...
Now for the forecast
for the rest of the week.
- It looks like rain is expected every day.
- Oh.
The site's still up.
Next week.
the temperature will remain
in the high 50s.
and the humidity
will continue to be mild.
There was
still one unanswered request.
It was from two years ago.
Next stop: Takashimadaira.
Takashimadaira.
Oh. it's you. Are you alone?
Where's your sunshine girl?
Oh. she's no longer
a sunshine girl.
Actually. it's why I'm here...
to tell you that.
Uh. thanks. but I'm okay.
So. how long have you been living here?
Last time. weren't you in
a house downtown somewhere?
I had to move.
The entire area
is underwater now.
Sorry about that.
Why are you apologizing?
- I...
- ...new material called graphene.
which is very lightweight
and durable.
Did you know the entire area of
Tokyo used to be under the sea?
I think. until about
200 years ago.
Back when it was called Edo.
Tokyo was just a bay.
Little by little. humans...
as well as the weather...
changed this landscape.
Look at it now.
It's sort of reverted back.
back to its original self.
What is wrong with you?
You've been thinking about this
crap for the last three years?
- Hey. don't call it crap.
- Stop acting like a kid.
You're about to start college.
You should focus
on other things.
Yeah. but the two of us
did something.
Did what?
You think you caused this?
You really think
you're responsible
for changing the world?
That's precisely why
I called it crap.
You don't matter
in the scheme of things.
Don't flatter yourself.
Oh. Check it out.
It's from my last date
with my daughter.
Natsumi and Nagi were the third
and fourth wheel. though.
Now. for crying out loud.
will you stop brooding
over all this nonsense
and just go see her?
I don't know why
you haven't already.
I was on probation.
so I wasn't supposed to.
and I didn't want
to cause her any trouble.
Plus. even if I wanted to.
she doesn't have a cell phone.
Also. I'm super nervous.
I don't even know
what to say to her.
Rain?
You've gotten so big.
Go on. Get out of here.
Can't you see
I got work to do? Beat it.
Go and find her.
You know you want to.
Thank you for your time.
- Bye.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hey.
- Huh?
Don't sweat the small stuff.
big man.
The world is crazy.
It always has been.
always will be.
The next stop is Hamamatsucho.
- So where do you want to go to lunch?
- Hamamatsucho.
You're always
so incredibly positive.
- You really think so?
- The flowers should be
- in full bloom.
- That's what I hear.
Used to be under the sea.
The world's crazy.
Always has been.
always will be.
So that means
it's no one's fault
that it's like this now.
Is this what
I should say to her?
I don't know.
No. They're wrong.
That day. I...
No. we changed the world.
I made a choice.
I chose her.
I chose this world.
and I choose to live in it!
Hina!
Hodaka!
Hodaka. what's wrong?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
You know what. Hina?
We're gonna be all right.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-